[Music]
look at this Alex
we found a professor
it's a Tomb of the Dragon Emperor Nizam
this is imagine 2,000 years ago
China's Dragon Emperor conquered half
the world now he is returning to finish
the job here we go again from Universal
Pictures this is my way I put that more
mummies my time than you you put down
one mummy dad
yeah say mummy twice and the producers
of the mummy and The Mummy Returns
exactly was supposed to fend them off
when the Emperor built the Great War he
buried his enemies underneath it I will
call them to battle once again
[Music]
so here's the current that goes right
this summer
seat belts put the two chief Devaney
beyond death
imagination
this guy ever run out of tricks lies an
adventure that will live
for all eternity
time to go
The Mummy Tomb of the Dragon Emperor